# DLND : Deep learning Nanodegree Udacity

## [Project 1 : Bike Sharing Prediction](https://github.com/samkit27/DLND/tree/master/Project%201%20Bike%20Sharing%20Prediction)

### Overview :
Build Neural Network from Scratch


## [Project 2 : Dog Breed Classification](https://github.com/samkit27/DLND/tree/master/Project%202%20Dog%20Breed%20Classification)

### Overview :
Learn Basic fundamental of Convolutional Neural Networks and Transfer learning
#### Proposed approach :
1. Detect Dogs via Pretrained VGGNet and Detect human faces with Haarcascade 
2. Make Dataloader according to train and test augmentation with PyTorch Transforms
3. Used Pretrained Resnet101 for transfer learning
4. Used Adam as optimizer
5. Results : 84% accurate on testing set

## [Project 3: TV Script Generation](https://github.com/samkit27/DLND/tree/master/Project%203%20TV%20Script%20Generation)<br/>

In this project, I generate my own Seinfeld TV scripts using a recurrent neural network (RNN). The dataset used to train the network consists of scripts from 9 Seinfeld seasons. After training on the dataset, the RNN can create a new, "fake" TV script.

### Generated script

A script generated by my RNN:

>kramer: listen jerry, i'm sorry. i just don't know what it is.
>
>jerry: what?
>
>george: you don't know? how could i go out with her?
>
>jerry: no.
>
>helen: what are you doing?
>
>jerry: what about that?
>
>george:(to the phone) hey. i don't know what you're saying.
>
>jerry: i don't think so.
>
>george: yeah...
>
>jerry: oh, that's right.
>
>george: yeah, right. i was wondering if you could do your own business. it's not that.
>
>jerry: i don't have you.
>
>kramer: no, no, don't you?... no, i want you to be there and i can have the car.
>
>george: oh, oh, i can't believe this isn't a good time.
>
>jerry: what is this?
>
>george:(to the man) oh, i gotta go!
>
>jerry: i got a lot of people in the car.
>
>kramer: yeah.
>
>jerry: hey.
>
>kramer: yeah, you got it, i just want to be a good one.
>
>kramer: yeah, yeah.(she looks at her watch) oh, you know, you got my keys, you were right on the top.
>
>kramer:(to kramer) hey!
>
>kramer: hey, hey jerry.
>
>elaine:(to kramer) hey you guys, what are you doing here?
>
>kramer: i didn't know i said" hello"
>
>jerry:"(to kramer) so, what do you have to say?
>
>jerry: i can't.
>
>george: i just think i'm gonna go to the bathroom and get the rest of my life. i have to do this.
>
>jerry: what are you talking about?
>
>george: why did you get that?
>
>jerry: well, it's like an accident.
>
>jerry: what did you say?
>
>george:(laughing) you got that

## [Project 4: Face Generation using GAN](https://github.com/samkit27/DLND/tree/master/Project%204%20Generate%20Faces)<br/>

## [Project 5: Deploy Model on AWS](https://github.com/samkit27/DLND/tree/master/Project%205%20Deploy%20Model%20on%20AWS)<br/>
